## 10.3.4: Convert RNA to Proteins:
To turn RNA into proteins, we’ll need to identify each codon in the RNA sequence and add its associated amino acid to the chain. This chain of amino acids will become our protein.

Implement the function ```generate_protein(codons, codon_dict)``` in the starter file. This takes an RNA sequence (a list of three-character strings, the codons) and the codon dictionary, and returns a protein (a list of amino acid strings). To do this, go through each codon in the RNA list, and add its associated amino acid (based on codon_dict) to a new list. When you reach a “Stop” codon or the end of the RNA strand, return the generated protein.

**Note:** That you’ll need to special-case the first codon in the list. If it is AUG, you should add “Start” to the protein instead of AUG’s amino acid (Met), since Met encodes the start of a sequence in this circumstance.

**Note:** Technically, we aren’t producing 100% accurate proteins with this system. We’re skipping a step in the translation process, where the RNA is ‘spliced’ to remove unnecessary portions of the strand based on introns and exons. Unfortunately, there’s no simple rule to detect where an intron or exon is; in fact, there are whole research teams dedicated to this question! We’ll just produce slightly-inaccurate proteins for now.

**Note:** You will need to have written make_codon_dictionary in order to test this function.

```python
def generate_protein(codons, codon_dict):
    # create empty protein list to hold amino-acids
    protein = []

    # iterate explicitly through the RNA list
    for i in range(len(codons)):
        # check first codon in the list for special-case
        if (i == 0):
            # if first codon is "AUG"
            if (codons[i] == "AUG"):
                # Start of protein sequence
                protein.append("Start")
            else:
                # if not first codon, use AUG’s amino acid (Met)
                protein.append(codon_dict[codons[i]])
        else:
            # add associated amino acid (based on codon_dict) to new list.
            protein.append(codon_dict[codons[i]])

    # return protein sequence as a list
    return protein
```